---
title: "C3"
date: 2019-11-08T01:25:25-05:00
draft: False
---


So I had my 1st round final interviews for c3.ai today! 
It was an OK experience. 

The interview consisted of 3 portions, and I thought it was a pretty good interview process!

First interview:
Let's say you are working for Expedia. How would you build a model to predict which trips are being taken for business and which are being taken for leisure?

Second interview:
Questions on domain knowledge of ML.
Questions involve: 
1. AUC/ROC. If we have AUC of 0.1? If we have AUC of 0.5? If we have AUC of 0.9?
2. Vanishing Gradient: how to address?
3. Different metrics for evaluation
4. Addressing Dataset Imbalance. 
5. How exactly is L1/L2 regularization performed in XGBoost?
   1. We can add this as a function on our objective function: we minimize the loss, but also some regularization term too! 
6. How would we deal with missing data, when it is a categorical variable! (I actually mostly nailed this question!)


Third interview:
Code up minesweeper. Straight up.

I only got through the initialization part of this question (i.e. generating the board, and placing the mines). But I found that despite this, I had the chance to clearly communicate my understanding of CS to the interviewer. The code I wrote for the portion I completed ran perfectly, and the interviewer told me that no one ever finishes the entire minesweeper in the time allocated. 


Some reflections and areas where I can improve my data science skills/process:

One area that I am proud of:
I have enough domain knowledge, and expertise, to talk "around" questions. Even if I don't know the direct answer to a question, I can easily answer in the "general" area of a question, which is often sufficient for the interviewer. 

One thing I want to note:
I am feeling extremely dismotivated, and just feel like relaxing all the time, after getting my Microsoft and Lyft offers. I have been eating a lot, and just wasting time for wasting time's sake these days. In short, I am ascended. However, this is a bad thing in reality! Writing is a great outlet to get the creative juices flowing, and get me to do things! In the future, I want to reduce the turnaround; the loss on these days will be computed as quite large! (For instance, we can compute the loss in the following manner:
1. 2 hours (of COH); this was not really needed. Also, we could have done something more productive with this time, like looking up something (playing around with RL, etc.)
2. 3-6 hours yesterday, once we got the Lyft and MS offers.
)

